Let's take a short stop here because this is an area of common concern, which is,
well, I need to take a break from whatever work I'm doing in AWS,
and I don't want to be running up a high bill.
So the way we do this is we stop and image our instance.
Under the Action menu,
we have Instance State, Stop.
Now, it's preferable to be logged
in to your instance and do a shutdown but this will work as well.
Then we also have, Image, Create image.
So you can, if you have it imaged,
you'll be able to completely delete it.
Both of these states, either be in a sub-state or having an image of it,
and having an instance not in existence will be of the same cost.
I'm just expanding the options that you have available to you.
So this is just another way to save money in AWS.